---> To construct Private and Public Subnets in the Vnet that was built above, follow these general procedures.

1. Look for Virtual Networks in your Azure portal.
2. Choose the VNet that you built in the last task.
3. Include an Open Subnet
4. Select the Subnets tab from the VNet overview.
5. To add a new subnet, click Add Subnet.
6. Give the subnet whatever name you choose.
7. Assign a range of addresses.
The Public IP Address should be enabled.
9. To construct the Public Subnet, click Add.
10. Create a Separate Subnet
11. Click Add Subnet once again in the Subnets tab to create a private subnet.
12. Give this subnet a name.
13. Assign a range of addresses.
14. Do not link this subnet to any public-facing websites in order to maintain its privacy.
15. Now the public and private subnets are created.

--->  Create a VM and attach multiple NIC with it.

1. In the Azure portal, search and select Virtual Machines.
2. Click on + Create and choose Azure Virtual Machine.
3. Under the Basics tab, 
    a) Select your Azure subscription.
    b) Select an existing resource group or create a new one.
    c) Enter a name for your VM.
    d) Choose a region where your VM will be deployed.
    e) Select the OS image (e.g., Ubuntu, Windows).
    f) Select a size that supports multiple NICs.
    g) Choose the Authentication type (SSH or password).
    h) Provide a username and password.
    i) Select the Virtual Network VNet you created earlier.
    j) Select the Subnet (Public or Private) for the NIC.
    k) Choose whether to create a Public I or none.
    l) For NIC network security group (NSG), select Basic or Advanced.
    m) Review and Create the VM.
    n) Then click create.
4. To add Additional NICs to the VM.
5. After the VM is created, navigate to the Virtual Machines section and find the VM that you created.
6. Select the VM and click Stop.
7. Add a Second Network Interface.(NIC)
8. In the VM Overview go to the Networking tab.
9. Click on + Add network interface.
10. In the Add network interface pane, provide
    Name: Provide a name for the second NIC.
    Virtual network: Choose the same VNet as the primary NIC.
    Subnet: Select a different subnet.
    Public IP: If required, assign a public IP or leave it as None for a private NIC.
    Click OK to add the new NIC.
    Configure Multiple NIC Support.
11. Once the NIC is attached, start the VM again from the Overview tab.
12. Verify the NICs Configuration
13. Check Network Interface Details
14. Go to the Networking tab of the VM.
15. You will see both NICs listed each connected to a different subnet.
16. Login to the VM, SSH or RDP into the VM.
17. Use commands like ipconfig on Windows to verify that both NICs are present and working.
18. Now the VM is created and multiple NIC is also attached.
